---
    title: "Logistics about OSS 2018 - Thoughts and Ideas"
    author: "Vasil Buraliev"
    date: "25/04/2018"
    last update: "25/04/2018"
    version: "1.0"

    toc:
        depth_from: 1
        depth_to: 6
        ordered: false

    phantomjs:
        orientation: landscape

    export_on_save:
        phantomjs: true
---

@import "/content/admin/img/oss2018-logo.png"
# Logistics about OSS 2018 {ignore=true}
<span style="font-size:1.5em;color:#999999;">Thoughts and Ideas</span>
**Version:** 1.0
**Last Update:** 25/04/2018

<span style="font-weight:bold;font-size:0.95em;color:#000000;">HISTORY OF CHANGES</span>
| Version | Author | Date | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| 1.0 | Vasil Buraliev | 24/04/2018 | Created. |


<span style="font-weight:bold;font-size:0.95em;color:#000000;">TABLE OF CONTENT</span>
[TOC]

### About the document
This document includes few ideas how we can improve the logistics in a process of organizing the following event (Open Security Summit 2018).
### Background
Recently Dinis Cruz invited me to join the team that organize the following Open Security Summit 2018 (OSS).

The second half of my professional career (http://www.vbu.mk/dl/[CV]Vasil%20Buraliev-IT-Project-Manager-Consultant.pdf) is related to facilitating and helping projects to be successfully finished and because of that I started to look at OSS 2018 with eyes of a project manager.

During the first week of my engagement, I spotted few things that I wanted at first place to share with Dinis.

### Brief information about my approach
I spent some time the past week to:
- Look at the websites for OWASP 2017 and OSS 2018 websites to get familiar with what those events are all about.
- Read the content from some of the Slack channels that you included me.
- Follow your requests on Slack and tried to articulate my capacity for some of the requests where I believe can help (one of them is to identify what tracks and sessions that were identified for OSS 2018 are missing organizers and I shared the list with some people that I understand that were be interested in it.
- In general, I'm trying to learn about the working culture that you have and carefully to take some initiatives because still I'm not sure who is doing what and how you are organized to fulfill the required activities about the summit.
I created an sheet which includes all sessions (inside the tracks) and tracks that are missing organizers because we agree with Barbara that she will take sessions which are not part of the tracks and that I will cover the sessions inside the tracks.

After that I had a contact with Manuel Almeida who it was obvious that is doing the same thing as me, and he had a similar sheet document which listed all sessions from OWASP 2017 that had outcomes because his approach is to contact potential organizers from the previous event who made the outcomes for their previous sessions. (that was his strategy to approach the potential organizers for the following event)

After short chat we agree that we must centralize the written materials which will help us to track the activities of each one of us who is working on the same task.
I took the sheet from Manuel and create an Google Sheet from it which will help us to share information between us, who sent information to whom and what's the status.
Also, I scheduled call with Manuel this afternoon so we sync between each other.

### Thoughts and Ideas
The things that are important to me as somebody who is trying to help the project as co-organizer with the rest of the team members are to:

1. Understand what is the overall status of the project thus I can help in making a plan (road map) for the rest of the activities required to be taken and achievements/goals to be reached.
2. Understand who is doing what (what are the roles of the people engaged about this project). I can see that this is self organized team, which is good but I think it will be useful we know who is doing what and who is responsible for what thus we no overlapping ourselves with the activities. I can see that Manuel Almedia has a "(PM)" suffix in his name in Slack and I guess that is an abbreviation of Project Manager? So it will be important for me to know what are the responsibilities that he has and what he is doing and how I can help in the process if I have to put the same suffix under my name as well. (That's why I plan to make intensive communication with him and asking him how I can help him in this process)

I think that it will be useful if:

1. We have overview of the project reflected by goals and group of tasks that has to be finished thus we have a picture how the things are going, what we are missing, and who is responsible for each segment of the project.
As far as I understood we still have to: make some logistics in a context of mobilize the organizers for the identified sessions and tracks, we have to finish the website with all relevant information for the participants of the summit, we need some marketing activities to promote the summit and individual sessions, we need some planning and logistics in a context of finding sponsors and logistics with communication with them.
2. it will be good if we have (at least once per week) an call so we sync between each other, we share some useful information between us, spot some identified issues and try to resolve it or at least share some ideas what approach to be taken thus the responsible person can move forward easier.
3. I can see the GitHub issues are used for some of the required activities related to the website itself. Maybe we can use that tool along with GitHub projects to make a bit more better structure for all activities that are required for the project and having a better visual and track for the activities that has been left.

### Next Important Activities in the Context
I asked Dinis if he can grab some time, it will be useful for me to have a Skype call and we discuss few topics so I can better understand some aspects for the project, expectations and how I can really give outstanding value to this project.
In the mean while, I'm trying to support the activities related to "engage organizers for the OSS2018 by pinging the organizers from the past OWASP summit".
