---
    title: "Questions and Answers"
    author: "Vasil Buraliev"
    date: 2018-05-08
    last update: "08/05/2018"
    version: "1.0"

    toc:
        depth_from: 1
        depth_to: 6
        ordered: false

    phantomjs:
        orientation: portrait

    export_on_save:
        phantomjs: true
---
@import "/content/admin/img/oss2018-logo.png"
# Questions and Answers
**Version:** 1.0
**Created Update:** 08/05/2018
**Last Update:** 10/05/2018

## About the Document
This document includes important questions related to OSS 2018 website development project.

- **Question 1:** Please confirm that we need to expose materials related to organizational and logistics perspective as it was the case in the previous summit? (admin segment) https://owaspsummit.org/website/summit-organization.html
<br/>**Answer:** ...

<br/><br/>
- **Question 2:** *Related to [#283]((https://github.com/OpenSecuritySummit/oss2018/issues/283)) - Create presentation about the Summit (for others to present)*
The summit already has website (at least it will have to be finished in the next 10 days I guess) with relevant information what it is all about, what are the tracks and at least most of the sessions, who are the organizers, where it will happen and why to attend.
Would you please be specific what is the aim of this presentation and is it only required a PDF format from it?
We already have an issue ([#285](https://github.com/OpenSecuritySummit/oss2018/issues/285)) which is similar to this one, at least it looks similar to me. the only difference is PDF format or maybe some PPT format?
<br/>**Answer:** ...

<br/><br/>
- **Question 3:** *Related to [#103]((https://github.com/OpenSecuritySummit/oss2018/issues/103)) - Contact page*
Would you please confirm that we can use the following email address on contact page? francois@devseccon.com
<br/>**Answer:** ...

<br/><br/>
- **Question 4:** Is there any video materials that can be used on the website? (for instance some promo videos from the past summit?)
<br/>**Answer:** ...

<br/><br/>
- **Question 5:** Can you provide hi-resolution version of the group image from the summit 2017?
<br/>**Answer:** ...

<br/><br/>
- **Question 6:** *Related to [#277]((https://github.com/OpenSecuritySummit/oss2018/issues/277)) - Create page for Summit team*
Who are the persons that has to be listed under the summit team?
<br/>**Answer:** ...
